[Autogenerated] cross origin resource sharing or cores is a typical
concern when using resources from another domain.
When requesting a resource via javascript in the browser from a
different domain than the page was loaded from your browser ensures
that cores is accepted on the target resource site.
If course is not enabled,
it will place restrictions on the resource or sometimes not loaded
completely since S3 is not in the same domain when we are running our app
we need to enable cores for S3 if we didn't it would particularly impact
our toppings when adding them on the pizza.
Enabling Cores is similar to how we added the policy for
our bucket in the S three console, click on the bucket you created,
then click on the permissions tab and scroll all
the way down to the core section, click the edit button.
This JSON document here is what needs to be entered into this field so
type this course configuration document into the editor,
making sure you don't make any typos unfortunately these types
of configurations aren't very forgiving.
This is in fact and allow all cores configuration no modification required.
We could restrict the domains that are allowed to cores with the allowed
origin property but we will just allow all for now click save now we've made
all modifications to the code and enabled course let's try out our changes
from your pizza lovers directory run npm,
install first because we did delete that node modules,
folder and then npm start then open your browser and go to local
host 3000 all styles and images should display as before and you can
pop open your developer tools if you want to confirm that everything
is actually coming from S3 then click log in and use the username
Ryan and password.
Pass all lower case to log in.
Now go to the make of Pizza page, create a pizza and save it now.
Go back to the S3 console and your Pizzas bucket.
Open the Pizzas folder and refresh the file list.
You should see your new pizza image,
upload it now and you can click on the link if you
want to make sure it's the same one. But we've used the SDK to upload a file to S3 Good job.